Document pod level resources (#48471)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-pod-level-resources.md

resource management, enabling you to control resource allocation at both the pod and
container levels.

In order to specify the resources at pod-level, it is required to enable
`PodLevelResources` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/).

For Pod Level Resources:
* Priority: When both pod-level and container-level resources are specified,
  pod-level resources take precedence.
* QoS: Pod-level resources take precedence in influencing the QoS class of the pod.
* OOM Score: The OOM score adjustment calculation considers both pod-level and
  container-level resources.
* Compatibility: Pod-level resources are designed to be compatible with existing
  features.

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

{{< include "task-tutorial-prereqs.md" >}} {{< version-check >}}

The `PodLevelResources` [feature
gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) must be enabled
for your control plane and for all nodes in your cluster.

## Create a pod with memory requests and limits at pod-level

To specify resources requests for a Pod at pod-level, include the resources:requests

> field in the Pod spec manifest. To specify a memory limit, include resources:limits.

Reviewer: just memory limit?

Reviewer: oh I see. I find it weird that the first sentence is resource agnostic "to specify resource requests" vs the limits are specifically about memory

Author: Fixed the sentence, please check if it looks better now

Reviewer: yup looks better! thanks

In this exercise, you create a Pod that has one Container. The Pod has a
memory request of 100 MiB and a memory limit of 200 MiB. Here's the configuration
file for the Pod:

{{% code_sample file="pods/resource/pod-level-memory-request-limit.yaml" %}}

> The `args` section in the configuration file provides arguments for the Container when it starts.

Reviewer 2: Even though this adapts existing content, let's use the official name for this format:
```suggestion
The `args` section in the manifest provides arguments for the container when it starts.
```

The `"--vm-bytes", "150M"` arguments tell the Container to attempt to allocate 150 MiB of memory.

Create the Pod:

```shell

> kubectl apply -f https://k8s.io/examples/pods/resource/pod-level-memory-request-limit.yaml --namespace=pod-resources-example

Reviewer 3: The `namespace` field is included in the manifest already, is there a need to specific it with the `kubectl apply` command?

Author: It is not needed; although I feel it is okay to still specify namespace in the kubectl for extra clarity. Open to changing it

```

Verify that the Pod Container is running:

```shell
kubectl get pod memory-demo --namespace=pod-resources-example
```

View detailed information about the Pod:

```shell
kubectl get pod memory-demo --output=yaml --namespace=pod-resources-example
```

The output shows that the Pod has a memory request of 100 MiB
and a memory limit of 200 MiB.

```yaml
...
spec: 
  containers:    
  ...
  resources:
    requests:
      memory: 100Mi
    limits:
      memory: 200Mi
...
```

Run `kubectl top` to fetch the metrics for the pod:

```shell
kubectl top pod memory-demo --namespace=mem-example
```

> 

Reviewer 3: The `namespace` the pod is deployed to is `pod-resources-example`

CPU request of 0.5 cores, with a memory limit of 100 MiB and a CPU limit of 0.5
cores. The Pod itself has a memory request of 100 MiB and a CPU request of
1 core, and a memory limit of 200 MiB and a CPU limit of 1 core.

```yaml
...
containers:
  name: pod-resources-demo-ctr-1
  resources:
      requests:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 50Mi
      limits:
        cpu: 500m
        memory: 100Mi
  ...
  name: pod-resources-demo-ctr-2
  resources: {}  
resources:
  limits:
      cpu: 1
      memory: 200Mi
    requests:
      cpu: 1
      memory: 100Mi
...
```

Since pod-level requests and limits are specified, the request guarantees for both
containers in the pod will be equal 1 core or CPU and 100Mi of memory. Additionally,
both containers together won't be able to use more resources than specified in the
pod-level limits, ensuring they cannot exceed a combined total of 200 MiB of memory
and 1 core of CPU.

## Clean up

Delete your namespace:

```shell
kubectl delete namespace pod-resources-example
```

## {{% heading "whatsnext" %}}

### For application developers

* [Assign Memory Resources to Containers and Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-memory-resource/)

> * [Assign CPU Resources to Containers and Pods](/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/assign-cpu-resource/)

Reviewer 2: nit: there are similar lists in the existing pages. Should those other task pages link to this new page?
